about.md, before:

---
layout: null
section-type: default
title: About
---
## About

<img src="img/me_bw.png" class="img-circle" width="40%" alt="Photograph of Nico Riedmann"/> 

This page is here to tell you a bit about me and what I do. 

You can also find [my CV](/cv) here!

#### <i class="fas fa-globe-europe"></i> Aside from Software

I ike to spend my spare time reading, hiking with [my dog](assets/turron.jpg), eating and occasionally managing to cook good food, 
riding motorcycles and driving old cars 
and recently writing tech articles. 

#### <i class="fas fa-people-group"></i> Supporting People as a Lead and a Developer

**I aim to have a positive impact**, on ...

<i class="fa-solid fa-lightbulb"></i> people figuring out what they want to achieve<br/>
<i class="fa-solid fa-bullseye"></i> people achieving their goals<br/>
<i class="fa-solid fa-seedling"></i> building environments enabling people to motivate themselves/supporting intrinsic motivation<br/>
<i class="fa-solid fa-code"></i> building innovative software that helps people in some way<br/>

#### <i class="fas fa-laptop-code"></i> Agile Software Development

Since taking part in adopting and figuring out Agile at a small startup, both general Agile principles and the practices of creating software that allows for being agile fascinate me.

Since 2021 I co-organize [Agile International Graz](https://www.meetup.com/agile-international-graz/) - an English language Agile Meetup in Graz.

#### <i class="fas fa-graduation-cap"></i> Learning and Education

Sharing knowledge has been a common theme in my professional life, starting from my civilian service, through my studies to my work and personal projects. 
Recently this finds its main expression in writing articles to share my knowledge and volunteering as a referee and referee trainer for [RoboCup Junior](https://junior.robocup.org/) Austria, a yearly robotics competition for school children.

Commit message:

feat: Add Talks section and set explicit sub-page order
Sub page order is used for display order on main single-page view,
as well as order in nav bar

about.md, after:

---
layout: null
section-type: default
title: About
order: 0
---
## About

<img src="img/me_bw.png" class="img-circle" width="40%" alt="Photograph of Nico Riedmann"/> 

This page is here to tell you a bit about me and what I do. 

You can also find [my CV](/cv) here!

#### <i class="fas fa-globe-europe"></i> Aside from Software

I like to spend my spare time reading, hiking with [my dog](assets/turron.jpg), eating and occasionally managing to cook good food, 
riding motorcycles and driving old cars and occasionally writing or speaking about things I care about. 

#### <i class="fas fa-people-group"></i> Supporting People as a Lead and a Developer

**I aim to have a positive impact**, on ...

<i class="fa-solid fa-lightbulb"></i> people figuring out what they want to achieve<br/>
<i class="fa-solid fa-bullseye"></i> people achieving their goals<br/>
<i class="fa-solid fa-seedling"></i> building environments enabling people to motivate themselves/supporting intrinsic motivation<br/>
<i class="fa-solid fa-code"></i> building innovative software that helps people in some way<br/>

#### <i class="fas fa-laptop-code"></i> Agile Software Development

Since taking part in adopting and figuring out Agile at a small startup, both general Agile principles and the practices of creating software that allows for being agile fascinate me.

Since 2021 I co-organize [Agile International Graz](https://www.meetup.com/agile-international-graz/) - an English-language Agile Meetup in Graz.

#### <i class="fas fa-graduation-cap"></i> Learning and Education

Sharing knowledge has been a common theme in my professional life, starting from my civilian service, through my studies to my work and personal projects. 
Recently this finds its main expression in writing articles to share my knowledge and volunteering as a referee and referee trainer for [RoboCup Junior](https://junior.robocup.org/) Austria, a yearly robotics competition for school children.
